
-Sic Semper Tyrannis-

Grown up in smog, dirt and darkness, you only know the time where the sun and the sky could be seen from down here from the stories of the elderly people around. Children are taught, that down here is their place, that the upper city is unreachable. Physically, only a few girders and plattforms would be the hurdles you would have to overcome, but the real obsatcle is money. Money decides, whether a citizen of this city will ever see the deep blue sky or the  glimmering stars with their own eyes. For them, you are one of the filthy, uncivilized people that belong down there and should be kept down there. And you are kept down here. Violent security guards, hired by the major corporation that made building a city on top of an existing one possible with it's money, seperate the rich from the poor quite efficiently.
Meditecs development of protheses and implants, which allow people to run faster, jump higher, lift more weight, hold your breath for hours or see and hear better than any lifeform on this planet, started the greatest boom in medically unnecessary procedures since the upcoming of cosmetic surgery. Whoever could afford it got implants or protheses, augmenting their own body, obtaining new skills or improving on already existing ones. This made them incredibly popular with companies since they essentialy have superhuman powers and can work harder, faster and more precise than people without products from Meditec. Without at least one implant or prothese you simply could not find a job. A real catch-22.
Some people tried to break the system though. One of them was your father. He worked hard for years in the lower city, picking up famished bodies and biringing them to the crematory to prevent epidemics. He worked on every construction site where they looked for help. When he finally got enough money, he got himself a prototype of an arm-prothese on the black market and let it be implanted by a medichanic, a surgeon without a license, instead of his healthy left arm. Then he snuck past the security guards to try to find work in the upper city. He promised you to smuggle the money into the lower city every month. When you heard nothing from him for three months after he got out of the lower city, you started to investigate. You found the exact prothese your father bought on the black market. It turned out that your father was discovered by some upper city guards, right after he got in. They killed him and took his prothese-arm, selling it on the black market. This was the final straw. You swore to get revenge and to free the lower city from your oppressors. In the name of your dead father, you will bring meditec down!